All right, so let's go ahead and look at creating this structure here again, I'm going to create a
different composable, but I make this preview of also preview as such and then act composable.
This is a function I'm going to call this rounded.
Button, because it is indeed a button.
OK, OK, good call something else, but different button sounds better.
All right.
So I'm going to pass a label here because each one will need a label of a string.
Let's close this, so we don't have distractions.
And let's set it to reading for now, and then let's pass a radius.
It's going to be an integer and let's set it to 29 as its default and we're going to need the UN press,
OK?
Press,
let's just say passing empty there.
It's going to be unit.
All right.
So inside here, I'm going to start by putting together a surface and less passive modifier modifier,
and I'm going to go straight to clipping because I want to clip into a shape.
So I'm going to pass this great pass a rounded, rounded corners shape, and I'm going to change a few
things differently, depending on the side of the shape.
Because you see here, this structure has this side's going to be like this and this is going to be
different and the tops.
So there's a lot of different rounding that I'm going to add to each side.
OK, so bottom, so bottom and percentage, I'm going to pass the radius that we're passing and.
Top start.
It's also going to be the radius, so we're looking at the bottom and this is the bottom end and top
start is going to be this.
So these two will have the same percentages of roundness.
OK, and let's go ahead and give you a color.
I have a special color for it like this we've seen before and.
That's good.
Now we're going to go into the contents of its column like this and I'm going to pass modifier again.
With in this case, I'm going to make it 90 deep, and then I'm going to say, oops.
And then we say height in this is a different function.
I'm going to call here.
So let's go ahead and have a look and see what this is.
Well, this is going to arrange things differently.
So it's going to constrain the height of the content to be between Mendip and Max deep as permitted
by incoming measurement.
OK.
So we are trying to make sure that the contents of this surface in this case of this one button will
be constrained somehow.
So the constraint we're going past is going to be about 40 dpi, depending on on the overall, depending
on our surface and where this surface is being laid out.
And then I'm going to make this clickable.
In fact, we're not going to do anything.
They make this clickable, I'm just going to say on press, OK, so there we go.
All right, let's continue here.
I want to make sure that the vertical arrangement is center and horizontal alignment here.
It's going to be center horizontally.
OK, so inside now I'm going to add a text.
This text is going to have a label which is going to be passed along.
And let's give a style, let's say, text style, different ways of styling thing.
This is the beauty of compose, of course.
So when I say color, just give it color that white and font size, let's give about 15 ACP.
OK.
And that's it.
Now this round button, it's going to be called so right after our column, I'm just going to put another
row right here.
And it's a horizontal arrangement space.
Between.
And then vertical
alignment.
Bottom like this.
But here, let's add a rounded button.
Let's just pass a label, sure, that says Reading, and let's pass a radius of about 70.
Like that, great, let's see if this is going to show something.
OK, so there it is, but it's not necessarily where we want it to be.
It's right at the top here.
So this has to come down here.
OK.
So I think what I need to do is this has to still be inside of this column.
So let's put inside of the column, they're fresh.
We should probably have it down here, hopefully.
Let's see.
OK, that's good, that's good progress.
We want this to be all the way to the right, but at least we know it's part of this column here, so
it's looking really good.
Very nice.
This is the power of using compose because you cannot take a card, for instance, and clip to make
it look the way you want it to look.
OK, so this is good.
Now we need to figure out a way to get this to the right.
So what we can do because we have is inside of a row, we have space in between.
In fact, let's see if we can say push that to end, right, so that whatever it is inside of a row
is going to go to the end of the room.
See if this is going to help.
And while that works perfectly.
Of course, it looks a little bit strange because we don't have that image there, but at least we have
the infrastructure that we need.
So back to our home.
I.
Let's close this down.
Well, actually our home content, but this is what's called inside of our home.
How about adding, Let's see, this is our role.
Just this is our column.
Very good.
So how about here?
I'm going to pass just real quick.
Our list card?
Let's go ahead and run.
In fact, before we run was, see, that's going to show.
Let's just go ahead and run real quick here.
I think it would be better that way.
We have this very nice card, says Reading.
Look at that, and we have the ratings and heart, and the one thing that is missing is, of course,
an image here.
And we can change that later, but at least we see this structure is working.
All right.
It's looking really good.
Very exciting.
So once we have the image, then we should be golden.
This is good.
All right.
It's coming together pretty nicely.
Oh, it's exciting.
Next, we'll continue working on finalizing our main screen here and hopefully attach an image here,
a dummy image so we can see how it all works.
OK, but so far you can even click on it.
It's really good.